[snoring]
Hey, wake up.
It's nearly time
for class to start.
Mister Yasuda?
[snoring]
Don't say I didn't try,
at least.
Let's go.
We gotta hurry and get back
before the bell rings.
Whoa. Yasuda's out.
His hair is, like,
crazy smooth and soft!
[FEMALE STUDENT 1]
Stylin'.
[TERAJIMA]
Yasuda. Mister Yasuda!
Was there someone behind me
just a second ago?
Yup. Pretty sure
they were senior students.
I have a feeling
they were girls, too!
And I missed them!
So, uh.
My class has started
without me. Damn it.
[TERAJIMA]
Um, just so you're aware.
Aware of what?
It's your head.
There's something wrong with it.
Yes! Every day!
Ah!
But why'd you bring that up
now of all times?
Can't you see
I'm in a rush here?
[TERAJIMA] You misunderstood,
yet you're still correct.
I've got a class to teach!
[YASUDA]
Your average on the last exams
was lower than
the other classes'.
Get in the habit of answering
even if you're unsure.
You throw away points
for every blank question.
Seriously.
Is this a joke to you?
[ALL]
He's wondering if we're joking?
Question. So, um.
[gasps]
[MALE STUDENT 1]
Do it!
[FEMALE STUDENT 1]
Ask him, Hori!
[HORI]
It's not worth mentioning.
[ALL sigh]
Well, your English score
was as awesome as ever, Hori.
Ah! Um, thank you?
[HORI] Come on, brain,
think of something to say.
Does that bother you?
[HORI]
No.
Sir?
Lemme guess. Need a potty break?
No, but.
[MALE STUDENT 2]
Ask him, ask him!
[FEMALE STUDENT 2]
I believe in you!
The theme.
[YASUDA]
Um. What theme?
Theme for today.
[YASUDA]
Today has a theme?
This have anything at all to do
with our discussion regarding
exam grades, Miyamura?
Ah! No, sir! It doesn't!
[YASUDA]
Spectacular. Then sit.
All right, what's up?
You appear to be very distracted
and confused.
[ALL]
And it's all your fault!
[YOSHIKAWA] Ah!
I just had to go and oversleep!
What class are
we on now, anyway?
I'm sorry for being late!
Forgive me!
[YASUDA] Decided to grace us
with your presence, huh?
Oh!
[giggles]
Okay, you're gonna have to stop!
I can't with you this early,
Yasuda!
Really! I'm, like, dying!
[ALL laughing]
Oh, my gosh! Too funny!
Were you just feeling extra
cute today or what, Yasuda?
What? You all think
I look "cute?".
Do you wanna explain why?
This will. Feast your eyes!
[YASUDA]
The heck is this?
[ALL laughing]
Teens, I swear.
If girls are gonna play
with my hair,
I should be conscious!
I wanna feel the gentle touch
of their fingers
while I'm wide awake!
[TERAJIMA] There really is
something wrong with his head.
Wasted opportunity. Oh!
Hey, Miss Terajima.
You know where the reference
room key disappeared to?
[TERAJIMA] I don't. Try asking
the one who's in charge of it.
And who would
this fabled "keeper of keys" be?
Nakamine, last I checked.
In fact, I believe he used that
room himself just yesterday.
[YASUDA]
Mister Nakamine!
Huh!
Will you please return
the reference room key?
[NAKAMINE]
I did.
It should be hanging up
where all the other keys are.
Nope, it ain't there.
[NAKAMINE]
But I put it back.
It's not there.
[NAKAMINE]
That's so weird.
Hmm! Mm!
Oh! My bad, man!
Guess it's been stuck in
my coat pocket since yesterday.
[YASUDA] Why's this scatterbrain
in charge of anything,
let alone keys?
[NAKAMINE]
Well, I'm glad we found it.
[clanks]
[YASUDA] You really are some
kind of "keeper of keys."
Oops. Wait!
It's the key to my bike lock
that I thought I lost
over summer break!
[YASUDA]
Back during the summer?
That was two seasons ago!
Thanks, I really owe you one!
Now I can ride my bicycle again.
Uh, good for you.
But I didn't do anything.
[NAKAMINE]
What a modest guy.
[laughter]
[YASUDA] Maybe we should entrust
the key to somebody else.
Did you pocket any other keys
you forgot about?
[NAKAMINE]
Hmm, that's a good question.
Uh!
Hey, it's Yasuda.
What's the other dude's name?
Mister Nakamine.
He's the physics teacher.
Eh!
[ALL]
Oh. Wow!
Did that lab coat
come with trick pockets?
Looked straight up magical!
That's a lot of keys
you have on you!
Yeah, it's quite a few.
Not magic, though.
I could also pull
a crap-ton of keys
out of my pockets, you guys!
This isn't a competition,
so you can tone down
the aggression.
[YASUDA] I know! I'm just
saying, I could do that!
You missed one.
Must have dropped it before.
Good eye! You just saved me
a lot of trouble.
It's probably the key
to something pretty important.
Uh-oh.
I'm not sure where the reference
room key is now.
Mister Nakamine!
Uh?
Aah!
[footsteps]
[YOSHIKAWA]
Wait up!
Hmm!
You dropped all these.
[NAKAMINE]
Oh, gosh!
I didn't even notice.
Thank you so much. Wow.
You're welcome. But you might
have a hole in your pocket.
Nah. This coat's
really sturdy, so.
[clanks]
♪
No worries! I just happen
to have a sewing kit with me!
Well, well.
You're quite skilled
with your hands, young lady.
"Young lady?".
I'm Yoshikawa
from class 3-1, sir.
Oh. Right. I'm sorry.
You know, to be fair,
I don't teach class 3-1.
True, but you did teach us
when we were first-years here.
Am I ringing any bells?
[NAKAMINE] Ever since
I was about knee-high,
I've been terrible at
remembering faces and names.
That said,
I actually do remember you.
Hmm!
He-he!
♪
An affair?
It should have been me in there!
Gosh darn that man's
ditzy charm!
How?
How'd he get a teenage girl to
sit in a closed room with him?
No clue. Now shut
the hell up and die, loser!
Casually demanding
that people die is wrong!
You almost sounded like
a real teacher for a second!
Gotta say, a sewing kit's
the last thing I would expect
someone as breezy as Yoshikawa
to have stowed
in her school bag.
Well, that goes
double for me. 'Cause...
[YOSHIKAWA]
Toru. Where's your button, dude?
[ISHIKAWA]
Oh! I didn't even notice!
[YOSHIKAWA] Looks sloppy.
Make sure you sew on a new one.
Yep! No help!
Me and my button less cuff
were left to fend for ourselves!
It sounds like
she has zero love for you, man.
No different than
some random lunkhead
she passes on the street.
You don't know what's going on
in that cute,
kooky head of hers, so quit
acting like you do, perv!
Hey! Nakamine's the person
who got her alone in a room!
Hate on him!
I can't detect the slightest
scent of ulterior motives,
criminality,
or indecency from Nakamine.
You, on the other hand?
I'll have you know that
my intentions
come from a pure
and wholesome place!
Bull!
[NAKAMINE]
Haa!
You did it so fast, and it's
such amazing craftsmanship!
[chuckles]
From now on, come to me
if you get holes
in your clothes.
And take better care
of those keys.
[laughs]
[NAKAMINE]
Just wondering,
but, do you always have a needle
and thread handy?
Mhm, yeah!
There's this guy I know
who keeps losing
his buttons left and right.
His dumb face doesn't tell me
when it happens, though.
[NAKAMINE] He's missing out
on some first-rate tailoring.
Hey, thirsty?
How about I treat you to a
drink to show my gratitude?
[YOSHIKAWA] Thanks, but I'm
still working on my peach tea.
Oh! Know what I want?
Show me your hand!
Uh!
[YASUDA]
What are they talking about?
Again, no clue.
She finished sewing, now leave.
♪
Huh!
[YOSHIKAWA]
Toru?
Well, well.
[footsteps]
[ISHIKAWA] So, um.
What were you doing back there?
Hmm!
-With his hands?
-Yeah.
Intrigued, huh? I read his palm!
Ah!
Since when do you read palms?
Since recently,
'cause it's neat!
Want me to read yours, too?
Nah, think I'll pass.
Why? Not like I mind!
Hmm!
♪
Your lines are super-duper-mega
faint!
Mister Nakamine's
are the exact same!
[ISHIKAWA] Wait,
that counts as a "reading?"
Thought you would
say how lucky I am and stuff.
[YOSHIKAWA]
How am I supposed to know that?
Go check your daily horoscope.
Talk about a total cop-out.
Well, anyway. Have you tried
reading anyone else's palm yet?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Nope. Oh, except for Hori!
Nice big 'n' bold lines!
Why'd you ask?
[ISHIKAWA] 'Cause people
might think you're a weirdo.
Not that I do, though.
[sighs]
Aah! Wait, so getting into a
hobby like fortune telling
makes me weird in your eyes?
No!
[YOSHIKAWA] Plenty of people
read palms! It's fun, not weird!
[ISHIKAWA]
I know, I know.
Yo, Ishikawa!
Good news! Miyamura
says he's in for tomorrow!
All right! Now,
where should we do this?
[laughs]
I suggest we find
an empty classroom, my old chum!
Don't call me "chum."
I want in on this secret, too!
[IURA]
Oh, you know.
Just a little
bro-tastic bro fun!
-Sounds dumb.
-[IURA] Really?
[sighs]
[MIYAMURA] I had a hard time
sneaking in here.
Hmm!
Whoa, that thing is colossal!
Bigger is better,
and we all know it.
[MIYAMURA] I think looks
are important, too.
[IURA] No way!
Size is where the romance lies.
How's it hanging,
adolescent boys?
Or should I say,
"What's got you so. Excited?"
So, where ya
living nowadays, Yasuda?
Why ask?
You wanna set it on fire?
I'm just curious.
You don't need to be curious
about where your teachers live.
Besides, you three
are in trouble. You got that?
[ALL]
Sorry.
But, sir, I can't think
of one school rule
that forbids us from eating cake
inside a classroom.
[YASUDA] Because bringing a cake
that massive is unprecedented.
Oh, yeah, hey.
You live a stone's throw away
from the school, don't you?
If it's the same address
that I used
for your New Year's card.
Ooh.
Are you planning to visit me?
Don't you dare!
And we aren't finished talking
about your dumb cake!
Cake has lost our interest.
We wish to know
about your lifestyle.
[YASUDA]
Jeez, you're blunt.
Do you live alone?
Well, yeah. Suppose I do.
Got a girlfriend?
[YASUDA] Not presently, but why
does that even matter to you?
Because you're you.
The lewd dude who raves about
his love for high school girls.
If you had a normal,
non-spicy lady waiting
for you at home, I'd be mad.
[YASUDA]
"Non-spicy?"
Yeah, I feel that.
The thought of him in an
average relationship is rough.
Right? Luckily,
I'm not. So you're safe.
For now. But if you land
a perfectly normal,
non-spicy babe, tell us.
[YASUDA] What kind
of woman are you imagining?
So, you don't intend
to get married?
I'm lacking a partner for such
an event. Are you keeping up?
Commitment's hot.
Put a ring on your normal,
non-spicy girlfriend.
Guys, who the hell
are you talking about?
Though, I do wanna
wed before Nakamine. So...
[ISHIKAWA]
He's uber-fixated on that dude.
I really wanna see
where you live, Yasuda!
Same!
You jerks aren't welcome!
Unless! You come knocking
with your lady friends!
Ishikawa brings Yoshikawa!
Miyamura brings Hori!
And, Iura,
you bring Ayasaki and Kono!
Then piss off.
You're the all-time worst.
No New Year's card
for you next year.
I wasn't expecting one.
Speaking of expectations,
I'm not sure how we look to you,
but Kono and Ayasaki hardly
tolerate me!
[YASUDA]
Oh, I see.
Sorry.
Now, as for the matter
of the giagantic cake.
[ALL sigh]
Never mind.
Go back to class.
Wow! Really? Wahoo!
Don't worry!
We'll visit again real soon!
Great. But whenever you do
just remember to bring me
some cake too, all right?
[ISHIKAWA]
Total teacher fail.
Oh, but, we are coming back
for the cake after school.
Will you please keep it cold
for us?
You bet, of course I will.
[TERAJIMA]
What kind of experiment is this?
[SENGOKU]
It's nine o'clock at night
in the student council room.
The door's
locked from the outside.
And there's a slumbering demon.
[snores]
How could
we both conk out so easily?
Is it drugs?
Did someone drug us somehow?
Well. Regardless,
it's best to let
sleeping demons lie.
If I call the school, it should
ring in the faculty office.
[beeping]
Why?
Huh!
Whoa, it's dark.
Aw, man!
What time is it? Do you know?
[SENGOKU]
Time to die.
Kyo-chan, please don't panic.
But it seems someone locked
the door while we were sleeping.
-We're trapped.
-Trapped?
How could you let
this happen, you dummy?
Me? You woke up
a few seconds ago!
You're as much to blame as I am!
[HORI]
Well, this timing sucks!
I was gonna buy carrots
on the way home,
but that's obviously out now!
I know the gardening club's
growing a whole bunch
of carrots.
Take some of theirs
and be happy, okay?
And you call yourself
our class president?
Your cell phone!
Call the school!
Or anybody! Just hurry!
Is that how your mother taught
you to ask people for help?
[SENGOKU]
Aah! I'm sorry. Please hurry.
All right. Chop, chop.
What's the phone number
for the school?
[gasps]
[SENGOKU] You should have that
stored in your contact list!
Bite me.
Bet it's in the student
handbook, right?
It is! Come on! Quit dawdling!
Why are you in such a rush, huh?
Is it because you need
to use the dang bathroom, too?
Quit copying me.
[SENGOKU]
It's a natural function!
Wait, you also have to go?
Honestly.
What the hell are you two doing?
I was getting ready
to head home when...
You could at least say,
"thanks for saving us"
before dashing off
to who knows where!
So, what kept you at school
until this time of night?
He was out like a light, sir.
Now, hang on!
This one was fast asleep, too.
Are you sure?
You weren't up
to anything obscene, were you?
Excuse me?
Obscene? Like what?
Freak-nasty hoohoo-haha.
Students will stay late
every once in a while
and get it on, undisturbed.
Disgusting! Don't lump me in
with all those nymphos!
And isn't this the fault
of whoever locked the door
to the student council room
without checking inside first?
What? Speak up.
I can't hear you, Sengoku.
You know. I do have
other ways of figuring out
if you were getting frisky.
Hori! Take off
all your clothes right now!
What sort of situation
did I stumble upon?
Oh, hello Miss Terajima,
thank goodness you're here!
Check Sengoku for love bites
while I check Hori!
It'd be the other way.
If it wasn't purely absurd.
We'll learn everything
if we can see below the belt.
[TERAJIMA] All skirts and pants
will be staying on.
I certainly hope you haven't
used that excuse
to do inappropriate things
with other female students
in the past.
Go home
and have a good night, kids.
I need to have a word in
private with this deviant, okay?
[BOTH]
Okay!
Hang on, "Deviant"
is a little uncalled for
don't you think?
[BOTH]
If you'll excuse us.
Wait! Come back!
[TERAJIMA] Now, we're going
to go over this in detail.
I need to hurry home.
[SENGOKU]
Argh! The hallway's freezing!
Whoa! You got locked
in the student council room?
You should've called. I would've
rushed over to let you out.
I wasn't trapped long.
It was no big deal.
[MIYAMURA]
Were you all alone? Or afraid?
Neither! Sengoku was with me.
[MIYAMURA]
You okay, Mister President?
I heard you were stuck
in a room with Hori.
Did she do anything to you?
Not this time. I'm fine.
[HORI]
Hey.
Do tell
what you're trying to imply.
Um! I meant...
the power dynamic! Right?
She's talking to you!
Leave me out of it!
Elaborate now, Miyamura.
[SENGOKU] This behavior
is exactly what he meant!
♪
[HORI]
What?
Be calm.
Please don't resort to violence.
Uh!
Deep breaths.
Have to process that anger
and purge it from your soul.
It's a chance
to improve yourself.
That can't be the real Yasuda.
A non-evil twin, perhaps?
No, that's the guy.
He just had
a change of heart, is all.
Compliments of our
own Miss Terajima.
That seemed more
like a change of a person
than a change
of heart if you ask me!
Maybe she brainwashed him!
I love that woman! She rocks!
[BOTH gasp]
[YASUDA]
Life is precious.